Add CONTRIBUTING.md (#184)
codeuniversity/smag-mvp: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

We are always happy about support for our project. If you dicide to help us spreading awareness for privacy, just start with the following steps: 

> * fork the project,

Reviewer: Make this a numbered list?

* create a new branch, 
* commit your changes 
* and open a pull request to `master` 
  
(More in ["Branching & Naming"](#branching--naming))

For your Git Commit Messages, please orientate on the guidance in the following [article](https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/):

> - Limit the subject line to 50 characters
> - Capitalize the subject line
> - Use the imperative mood in the subject line
> - Use the body to explain what and why, less how

### Pull Requests

> Every new feature must be developed on a feature branch and merged into master. **Please do not push directly to master!** We also provide a [Pull Request Template]([/.github/pull_request_template.md](https://github.com/codeuniversity/smag-mvp/blob/master/.github/pull_request_template.md)) for additional guidance. In any case, the Pull Request has to be reviewed and approved by at least one other developer before merging. Please make sure to [reference the associated issue(s)](https://help.github.com/en/github/managing-your-work-on-github/closing-issues-using-keywords) in the pull request.

Reviewer: PR-Template link is broken
```suggestion
Every new feature must be developed on a feature branch and merged into master. **Please do not push directly to master!** We also provide a [Pull Request Template]( [.github/pull_request_template.md](.github/pull_request_template.md) ) for additional guidance. In any case, the Pull Request has to be reviewed and approved by at least one other developer before merging. Please make sure to [reference the associated issue(s)](https://help.github.com/en/github/managing-your-work-on-github/closing-issues-using-keywords) in the pull request.
```

Author: I put a fixed link in there again to have it working in the pdf

## Branching & Naming

> Next to `feature/<feature-name>` and `fix/<bug-name>` branches, we also have a `master` and a `production` branch. `master` is our development branch were new code is merged into first - every release will be merged into `production`.

Reviewer: Do we use release tags for releases? What does release mean in our context?

Author: We have our first release tag now - I tried to describe it better now and narrowed it down on roll-out releases

> For the naming of components, please orientate on the existing components and folders. Especially if you build something specific to one of the platforms (e.g `insta(gram)`, `twitter`, ...), please make sure to use the regarding prefix for folder-names. Else, please stick to formatting conventions for [Golang](https://golang.org/doc/effective_go.html) and [React.js](https://hackernoon.com/structuring-projects-and-naming-components-in-react-1261b6e18d76).

Reviewer: I would name it `react-components`

Author: But these are no react-components - I just mean general software components (like anything from a scraper, inserter, utility tool to a react-component)

Reviewer: ahh, that's confusing. maybe packages or sth else is better?

> For the naming of components, please orientate on the existing components and folders. Especially if you build something specific to one of the platforms (e.g `insta(gram)`, `twitter`, ...), please make sure to use the regarding prefix for folder-names. Else, please stick to formatting conventions for [Golang](https://golang.org/doc/effective_go.html) and [React.js](https://hackernoon.com/structuring-projects-and-naming-components-in-react-1261b6e18d76).

Reviewer: Please add a link to [pep8](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/) for python

Author: yes

## Task Management

> For our task management, we are using the [ZenHub GitHub Extension](https://www.zenhub.com/extension) which integrates a project board into GitHub. After installing the extension and reloading your browser, you will be able to see an addional `ZenHub` Tab in our repo. In there, you can see our current tasks `"In Progress"` and upcomming tasks `"ToDo"` of the current release we are working on. All tasks are represented as GitHub issues as well, so you might want to create an own issue for the beginning. In case you want to get more involved into the project, feel free to approach the team via: [smag-project[at]code.berlin](smag-project@code.berlin).

Reviewer: I would make the last sentence an own paragraph in the direction:

```suggestion
For our task management, we are using the [ZenHub GitHub Extension](https://www.zenhub.com/extension) which integrates a project board into GitHub. After installing the extension and reloading your browser, you will be able to see an additional `ZenHub` Tab in our repo. In there, you can see our current tasks `"In Progress"` and upcoming tasks `"ToDo"` of the current release we are working on. All tasks are represented as GitHub issues as well, so you might want to create an own issue for the beginning.

If you have any questions or want to get more involved in the project, feel free to approach the team via: [smag-project[at]code.berlin](smag-project@code.berlin).
```

> For our task management, we are using the [ZenHub GitHub Extension](https://www.zenhub.com/extension) which integrates a project board into GitHub. After installing the extension and reloading your browser, you will be able to see an addional `ZenHub` Tab in our repo. In there, you can see our current tasks `"In Progress"` and upcomming tasks `"ToDo"` of the current release we are working on. All tasks are represented as GitHub issues as well, so you might want to create an own issue for the beginning. In case you want to get more involved into the project, feel free to approach the team via: [smag-project[at]code.berlin](smag-project@code.berlin).

Reviewer: What do you mean with `an own issue`? Like a personal issue or an issue outside of Zenhub?

Author: It's a personal issue on our repo since an external dev hasn't access on our Zenhub board when starting - I added a link now :)
